README.md, before:

# mrpenishot

_Wayland screenshot application written in the V programming language_

![mrpenishot](repository/mrpenishot.png)

### Dependencies
- [V compiler](https://vlang.io/)
- [wayland & wayland-scanner](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/wayland/wayland)
- [wayland-protocols](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/wayland/wayland-protocols)
- [pixman-1](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/pixman/pixman)
- [libjxl](https://github.com/libjxl/libjxl)
- [libpng16](https://github.com/pnggroup/libpng)
- pkg-config

### Building
```sh
v run build.vsh  # generate protocols
v .              # build
```

### Features
- Screenshot all outputs
- Screenshot specific output
- Screenshot specific region
- Screenshot specific toplevel
- Include or exclude cursor
- PNG, JXL, QOI and PPM support
- HDR support

### Usage
```sh
mrpenishot                                      # all outputs
mrpenishot -c                                   # including cursor
mrpenishot out.png                              # output to file
mrpenishot -o "DP-1"                            # geometry of output
mrpenishot -f jxl                               # output to jxl
mrpenishot -g "100,200 300x400"                 # geometry
mrpenishot -g "$(slurp)"                        # geometry from slurp
mrpenishot -t "$(awmsg t f | jq -j '.foreign')" # capture toplevel in awm
mrpenishot - | wl-copy                          # copy image to clipboard
```

### References
- [grim](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/emersion/grim)

Commit message:

feat: add screen freezing support

README.md, after:

# mrpenishot

_Wayland screenshot application written in the V programming language_

![mrpenishot](repository/mrpenishot.png)

### Dependencies
- [V compiler](https://vlang.io/)
- [wayland & wayland-scanner](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/wayland/wayland)
- [wayland-protocols](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/wayland/wayland-protocols)
- [pixman-1](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/pixman/pixman)
- [libjxl](https://github.com/libjxl/libjxl)
- [libpng16](https://github.com/pnggroup/libpng)
- pkg-config

### Building
```sh
v run build.vsh  # generate protocols
v .              # build
```

### Features
- Screenshot all outputs
- Screenshot specific output
- Screenshot specific region
- Screenshot specific toplevel
- Include or exclude cursor
- PNG, JXL, QOI and PPM support
- HDR support
- Screen freezing support

### Usage
```sh
mrpenishot                                      # all outputs
mrpenishot -c                                   # including cursor
mrpenishot out.png                              # output to file
mrpenishot -o "DP-1"                            # geometry of output
mrpenishot -f jxl                               # output to jxl
mrpenishot -g "100,200 300x400"                 # geometry
mrpenishot -g "$(slurp)"                        # geometry from slurp
mrpenishot -t "$(awmsg t f | jq -j '.foreign')" # capture toplevel in awm
mrpenishot - | wl-copy                          # copy image to clipboard
mrpenishot -F 'sleep 2'                         # freeze for 2 seconds and screenshot
mrpenishot -F '' -g '$(slurp)'                  # screenshot and freeze until slurp exits, geometry from slurp
```

### References
- [grim](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/emersion/grim)
